Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-cs-1410-project-4-an-employee-class
<br>
8.19 Programming Project #4:An Employee ClassBackgroundThis program is the first of a series of three programs that you will do over the course ofthe semester that deal with a payroll application. When you are done with this project,be sure to put a copy in a safe place because you will use it later. Modern softwaredevelopment is very much an incremental and iterative process. Programs aredeveloped a piece at a time as their developers iterate on the design, refactor existingcode, and add new functionality. This set of exercises will give you a glimpse into thatprocess. In this first program you will develop an Employee class. This project is allabout properly designing and coding a program that uses a class of your own designthat is easy to modify.Objective• Develop object-oriented design skills.• Create the proper structure and code for a C++ program containing a class ofyour design.• Create a driver program to test your class.The Employee ClassFor this project you need to design an Employee class. Your Employee class shouldhave the following data members:• employeeNumber (integer)• name (string)• address (string)• phone (string)• hourlyWage (double)• hoursWorked this week (double)Your Employee class will have the following functions:1. A constructor for the Employee class that takes arguments to initialize all of theabove mentioned data members.2. ‘Getters’ for each data attribute of your class.3. Setters for every attribute except employeeNumber. We will not use the settersin this assignment, but in an actual payroll application, employee data, exceptfor the employee number, can change (due to address change, marriage, araise or promotion etc.).4. A function, calcPay() that calculates and returns an employee’s net pay. Anemployee’s gross pay is calculated by multiplying the hours worked by theirhourly wage. Be sure to give time-and-a-half for overtime (anything over 40hours). To compute the net pay, deduct 20% of the gross for Federal incometax, and 7.5% of the gross for state income tax.5. A function, printCheck() that prints out a pay check for each employee.The major function of this first exercise is to test your Employee class. You will upload 3files:1. employee.h2. employee.cpp3. main.cppYour main() function does the following.• Creates two Employee objects with data that you can glean from the outputbelow. These objects will be ‘hard coded’ into your .cpp file. There will be nointeractive input for this program.• Calls the needed getter member functions to display the employee’s name,number, address, and phone, as shown below.• Calls printCheck() to print the check, which follows the employee’s personalinformation. Note that printCheck calls calcPay, and prints the whitespacethat you see below before and after the check portion.Submitting Your AssignmentFor this assignment you will create and submit 3 files: main.cpp, Employee.h,and Employee.cpp. You will place your Employee class definition in Employee.h.The bodies of the Employee member functions go in Employee.cpp.Expected output:Employee Name: Joe BrownEmployee Number: 37Address: 123 Main St.Phone: 123-6788………………..UVU Computer ScienceDept……………………………Pay to the order of JoeBrown………………………………$344.38United Community Credit Union……………………………………………………….…………..Hours worked: 45.00Hourly wage: 10.00Employee Name: Sam JonesEmployee Number: 37Address: 45 East StatePhone: 661-9000………………..UVU Computer ScienceDept……………………………Pay to the order of SamJones………………………………$271.88United Community Credit Union……………………………………………………….…………..Hours worked: 30.00Hourly wage: 12.50